release-schema.json: add numbers and forReduction properties (#5)
open-contracting-extensions/ocds_selectionCriteria_extension: README.md

          "minimum": "10",
          "type": "technical",
          "appliesTo": [
            "supplier",
            "subcontractor"
          ]
        }
      ]
    }
  }
}
```

### Lot

A tender with a single lot where the selection criterion only applies for selecting candidates to be invited to the second stage of the procedure. The candidates will be selected only if the rate of their turnover over the value of the contract is at least 2.

```json
{
  "tender": {
    "lots": [
      {
        "id": "LOT-0001",
        "selectionCriteria": {
          "criteria": [
            {
              "description": "Turnover over contract value rate",
              "type": "economic",
              "forReduction": true,
              "numbers": [
                {
                  "number": 2,
                  "threshold": "minimumScore"
                }
              ]
            }
          ]
        }
      }
    ]
  }
}
```

## Issues

Report issues for this extension in the [ocds-extensions repository](https://github.com/open-contracting/ocds-extensions/issues), putting the extension's name in the issue's title.

## Changelog

### 2023-04-05

> * Add `forReduction` field and `numbers` object to `SelectionCriterion`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add the `forReduction` and `numbers` fields to `SelectionCriterion`. The `numbers` field reuses the `CriterionNumber` definition from the [Award criteria breakdown](https://extensions.open-contracting.org/en/extensions/awardCriteria/master/) extension.
```

Adds an object to describe the criteria to qualify candidates to participate in a contracting process.

If you are using the [Lots extension](https://extensions.open-contracting.org/en/extensions/lots/master/), [follow its guidance](https://extensions.open-contracting.org/en/extensions/lots/master/#usage) on whether to use `tender.lots` fields or `tender` fields.

## Legal context

> In the European Union, this extension's fields correspond to [eForms BG-702 (Selection Criteria) and BG-72 (Selection Criteria Second Stage Invite Number)](https://docs.ted.europa.eu/eforms/latest/reference/business-terms/). For correspondences to eForms fields, see [OCDS for eForms](https://standard.open-contracting.org/profiles/eforms/).

Reviewer 2: I don't think we should remove the reference to OCDS for the EU as the extension is still relevant in that context.

Author: fair enough, I'll add that back in. (and attempt to remember not to remove it from future changes)

> ## Examples

Reviewer 2: I think these examples would benefit from fleshing out with realistic values, rather than just the descriptions of the fields, and with an introductory sentence like those in the [award criteria extension](https://extensions.open-contracting.org/en/extensions/awardCriteria/master/).

Author: agreed, I've attempted this in the new PR to the best of my understanding based on the eForms examples.

}
```

### Lot

A tender with a single lot where the selection criterion only applies for selecting candidates to be invited to the second stage of the procedure.

```json
{
  "tender": {
    "lots": [
      {
        "id": "LOT-0001",
        "selectionCriteria": {
          "criteria": [
            {
              "description": "A description of the criteria",
              "type": "suitability",
              "forReduction": true,
              "numbers": [
                {

>                   "number": 30,

Reviewer 2: Does it make sense to only have a criteria with a 30% weighting? I would've expected the percentages to add up to 100%, like the examples in the award criteria extension.

Author: good point, I'll change this to 100% instead of 30%
